Jill Beavers-Kirby: Hello.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can you hear me.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I can't hear you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Says, you're connected, but I can't hear.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Do you have a pair of like headphones. Sometimes that will work.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, I think so.
Brooke Templeton: The speaker, all the way up. Can you hear by chance now.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I can't hear anything.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I sent you a note in the chat. Are you on a phone or computer if you go down to the bottom of the screen. This controls will come up and you can reply.
Brooke Templeton: Right here you can check into the hallway, I think.
Brooke Templeton: Once with microphone. That's what we need and that's
Jill Beavers-Kirby: If you can't find headphones. I can send you an invitation to your email or the email I have on file with a link, maybe clicking on the link will get you and do you want to try that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so the email I have is Nancy P 212 six@gmail.com
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so I'll send you a link and then you can just click on the link. Okay, we'll try that. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you can go ahead and hang up from here.
Brooke Templeton: See if that doesn't work.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I still can't hear anything.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, that's a microphone. I think you can try those
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Let me, let me text somebody
Brooke Templeton: On the phone and see if that works.
Brooke Templeton: For my church. You can use mine.
Brooke Templeton: Will Power Pack.
This is
Brooke Templeton: I've used it on my phone.
Brooke Templeton: Out.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You just hover over the bottom of the screen. And there's a little chat bubble
Brooke Templeton: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh wait, I can hear you now.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, let me let these guys know I don't know what happened. That was weird.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Oh, fixed
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Already well okay so I'm Jill. I'm a nurse practitioner.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Here in Arizona, and you're broke
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Okay, so, um, I looked at your chart. Just a little bit. But if you just want to tell me a little bit about yourself, that would be great.
Brooke Templeton: Um,
Brooke Templeton: Well, I just came here from California.
Brooke Templeton: And I was like,
Brooke Templeton: I'm
Brooke Templeton: I was looking to get off and on. And I did it one time before and try
Brooke Templeton: Suboxone I felt like it made me really depressed.
Brooke Templeton: Try something different.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Um, so let's talk a little bit. Let's. How long have you been doing the Fitna
Brooke Templeton: Like three years maybe
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. And then when did you go off of it.
Brooke Templeton: I'm like your go
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And was this
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Was this, like, through a physician. Are you getting it off the street.
Brooke Templeton: Nose through um
Brooke Templeton: I think it was called quality of life.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is that a counseling or
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, now in California and Arizona.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And Arizona. Okay, so, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Tell me about the were you doing the tablets or the film or
Brooke Templeton: Neither strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, how many a day.
Brooke Templeton: Three. I think
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, were you doing counseling also
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, okay. So you said it made you depressed. Did you have a diagnosis of depression before the Suboxone
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, yeah. So is it maybe just possible that because fentanyl wasn't on board and your body that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You were feeling the depression that you had had before.
Brooke Templeton: Oh, well, maybe, but like, even then, when I stopped doing that. And I was just like, not doing anything. And for a lot better than when I was like
Brooke Templeton: Taking those
Brooke Templeton: Okay, but yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So tell me a little bit about your past medical history, are you have any allergies to any medications.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You take any medications prescription
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Birth control pills. Nothing anything
Brooke Templeton: on birth control implant.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Anything else from position. Okay. Do you take any supplements like vitamins anything over the counter.
Brooke Templeton: Early airborne
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, that's not gonna hurt it. Right now, I tell you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, what about any marijuana any like medical marijuana recreational marijuana
Brooke Templeton: I'm like, maybe like once a month. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, when's the last time you've been seeing like by your primary health care provider.
Brooke Templeton: I don't have one.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. So when did you were in Arizona. But now you're in our way you were in California, but now you're in Arizona. So, how long you been here in Arizona.
Brooke Templeton: Like couple weeks.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Welcome back.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so are you staying with your mom, then
Brooke Templeton: Okay, yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I thought that was your mom. You guys look alike, you probably don't want to hear that. But
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever had any surgeries.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Now, are you married any children.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Do you smoke.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How much
Brooke Templeton: I'm like, maybe two packs a week. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, so you talked a little bit about you've been diagnosed with depression. And what about like anxiety. Any problems with that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Okay. Have you ever been on medication for that.
Brooke Templeton: Um, it's been a long time. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, how long ago.
Brooke Templeton: Like probably like at least fleek. Five, six years ago.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, what medication. We on at the time.
Brooke Templeton: I'm saying antidepressant and I'm trying to remember what it was. I'm
Brooke Templeton: Zoloft maybe and quantifying
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. That sounds, that sounds right. So, I mean, I looked at your chart, you're pretty young. So you were on these as a teenager, then
Brooke Templeton: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But you're not on them anymore.
No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: How come you're not taking them anymore.
Brooke Templeton: Um, I just stopped seeing the doctor.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It would probably be a good idea to at least restart the Zoloft, since you're talking about depression and stuff, but we'll talk about that a little bit later. Okay, um, any thoughts of suicide any attempted suicide.
Brooke Templeton: No.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Have you ever overdosed where you had to get Narcan
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No, no. And just the fentanyl know heroin or pills or anything.
Brooke Templeton: No. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, how did you get started on fentanyl. Did you have a surgery or were you injured or
Brooke Templeton: Um, no, I'm just fine off the street.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, just started. All right. Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So are you working now.
Brooke Templeton: No, no.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Were you working before this pandemic thing.
Brooke Templeton: Know,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And a lot of people are laid off right now because of that. So I didn't know if you're working for. And what was your last job, and how long ago was that
I'm
Brooke Templeton: Okay, I'm
Brooke Templeton: Probably like three years ago I went for direct sales company at a Tracy, California.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you were in sales or
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah. Okay. Did you like it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I could see where you'd be good at sales. I could see that, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And what part where you live in that right now we're part
Brooke Templeton: Oro Valley like to slow
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Down by Tucson. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. Um, so with the Suboxone um
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, depression and anxiety and and drug abuse, those kind of all go together. A lot of people start taking drugs.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So because they are depressed or because they are anxious and they don't like being depressed and they don't like being anxious and yes medicines can help those
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But sometimes, you know, we take them too much. We get addicted. One thing leads to another. Okay, so that that can happen. Um, but with Suboxone it really isn't.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: known to cause depression or aggravate depression is not usually one of the side effects or contraindications for it. Um, I would like to have you restart that and wreak and retry it and see. See how it goes.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, most people, the complaints with Suboxone with the tablets. They don't like the taste. Once they dissolve. They say the taste is like
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Not the best, but they'll put up with it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It can cause some constipation, but you know that that can also be be over with and everything.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Suboxone because it's part of the buprenorphine and part of naloxone what the meloxicam will do is it'll
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Keep you from getting that high, it keeps you from getting, you know, from having those the craving feelings and then the buprenorphine is going to lock into yourselves.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That are craving that fentanyl so your cells get used to wanting a drug, whether it's fentanyl heroin. Another opioid, whatever it is.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And that in that time frame, you know those cells get used to it. They crave it they need it to live, they need it to survive. So
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The buprenorphine will help those cells from from that craving.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then, like I said, the naloxone prevents that high feeling. It's just a teeny tiny dose. It's not the same dose, you give to somebody when when they're overdosing though. Okay, the way it is. We start Suboxone is what's wrong.
Brooke Templeton: Oh, my mom was showing me something.
Brooke Templeton: Sorry.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The way that we start Suboxone is you take a half as you wait till you're in withdrawal. So, you know, you're craving the drug your nose is running.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Your eyes are watery or, you know, you're chilled or you're having hot flashes. You know, you want to wait until you're in withdrawal. And then what we do is we start, have you take a half a strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You're going to wait like four hours. See how you feel if you still feel bad. You're going to take another half a strip. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: That's that was that'll be like day one, so that'll be a dose of eight milligrams. And then, day two, you get up, you take your strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: See how you feel if you still feel bad. You take another half a strip
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And you, you're going to do that for the first few days to see how you feel. So we can figure out, like what a good dose might be for you, even if you were on the three films.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A day in the past, you might only need two films.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: A day. Now it's just based on how your body's going to metabolize that okay so as you change as you get older and things that kind of that kind of stuff will change.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you might only need you might only need one film a day, you might need one and a half, you know, it's going to be just whatever you figure out and how you feel. Um, the other thing that we do here by heart health is we do group counseling have a talk to you about that.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So you know the the group counseling. It's via the phone internet zoom meetings, just like this.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It works out really well because you're in the room with a counselor and myself and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm you know we're we're there to support you. But the other people in the room who are going through the same thing as you are.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's great because they can offer tips and advice and you can offer tips and advice about what you've been through how you've managed something
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So it's really, really very educational. I really like the group meetings I love being able to sit in on. I learned something new.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Every day, and then what my part is, and the meaning is that I you know if there's any medication changes that come up or anything that we decide you need
Jill Beavers-Kirby: To manage that. Like I said, there's a therapist who runs the meeting and she's there to like I said just kind of coordinate the meeting, keep people on topic and things
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that's kind of what bright heart health does with as far as what makes them different, like I said, is the group meetings and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The group meetings are every Wednesday, and I'm not exactly sure when the group meetings are for Arizona, I'd have to find that out the care coordinators will be in contact with you to let you know that and you would log on, just like you did here with zoom
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And the other thing before I forget the instructions about trying, how to start the Suboxone that will also be sent to you by the care coordinator, so you don't have to remember everything going into that. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So kind of just talking about how you're feeling now I'm. When is the last time you've done anything. No.
Brooke Templeton: I'm last night.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay. So you haven't had any today. Do you feel like you're in withdrawal or getting out. Okay, so, yeah. So you we would want to wait. Like I said, until you're in withdrawal to start it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because if you start it when you're only like a little bit craving. It's not going to work. Right. You're not going to have a good experience you're going to be like, I don't like this, this isn't working.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, I've done that before. Um, in to me it didn't seem to make a difference if I took it like like way too early or like like two and a half days in it, like it made me sick or either way.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What do you mean, it makes you sicker.
Brooke Templeton: Like okay, something's was worse in some things was better like it took away like some of the light body aches, but like
Brooke Templeton: Like I was throwing up
Brooke Templeton: Like after I took it both times and then like it stopped like like runny nose, but then like I do, like, take it. Don't like right after both times are like like taking it like right immediately after like two days in
Brooke Templeton: It like didn't really make it. You know what I mean like something's better and some things was worse, but it didn't make a difference how long it had been
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So those symptoms didn't go away after you've been on it for two months or how long were you on it before.
Brooke Templeton: No, I'm
Brooke Templeton: I'm like three, four months.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so
Brooke Templeton: Most of the time.
Brooke Templeton: I'm sorry.
Brooke Templeton: I didn't take it most of the time, okay guys getting a prescription. The whole time, but I wasn't really taking them a lot of the time. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Why weren't you taking them.
Brooke Templeton: I didn't like him. I don't like how many fuel.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So what I need you to do is I need you to give it a good 100% try okay because some of those side effects are going to go away in the first three days. Okay, I need you to, you know, take the medicine.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Take it as directed and try it give what I would like for you to do is give it a good solid week of taking it, you know, one film a day to film a day, what three film a day, whatever it is for you.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, and, you know, take it. Just like that. And then we could meet back in a week and see what symptoms, you're still having what side effects are still having and decide if it's the Suboxone that's doing it, or what's causing it. Okay.
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: There they told you that you have to get like some lab work and stuff done.
Brooke Templeton: Um, I think so.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, yeah, so that's going to help, too, because you might have some other lab kind of stuff that's that's going on. And you might just be sensitive to the Suboxone but like I said, usually those kinds of side effects go away within the first three days. Okay.
Brooke Templeton: Well, yeah, no, I understand that. But like, I'm, what I'm saying is, it didn't make a difference if I took it like when I wasn't sick or when I was like
Brooke Templeton: Like right after I took it made it like worse for most part.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: But it's kind of hard to tell how it's going to do for you over time if you're only taking it spotty.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Here and taking it here and taking it if you can. What I like to do is a tape. Most people take one film twice a day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: They take it about like when they get up, you know, whatever time and then they take their second film.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Usually like late afternoon because they're, you know, sleeping for part of the day. So they really don't need to mess with it during the evening.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So they take it when they get up and then they take it. Like I said, usually mid to late afternoon when they're starting to get those cravings. Again, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then, like I said, you know, they're sleeping. So if you could get on a schedule where you're at least taking it, like I said,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: In the morning, and then mid to late afternoon because like I said, the usual doses like once or twice a day. And if you could do that for me for a solid week taking it consistently at the same time every day.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I would like to see how you're feeling. Then, and if you are
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Feeling you know crappy or hey, you know, Jill It's day four, and I've been taking it every day at eight o'clock and every day at 3pm. And I'm feeling like crap still
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You know, you can contact me and let me know. But I, I really want to see how it's going to go. If you take it. Like I said, every day at the same time, at least least four days in a row. And let's see if we can work through these side effects. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because if it is the drug. Yes. There's other things we can try. But, you know, this is the one that we know works. The one we have the most success with the one you know so that's why I say that, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, and, yeah, the only other medicine, you've got as the implant. So that's not going to interact with it. I'm trying to think if there's any thing, nothing over the counter interacts with it. That would make you feel like that, um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The half life of fitness, meaning how long it takes to get out of your system is
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I want to say it's around a moderate time. I want to say it's around like eight to 10 hours. So that means that
Jill Beavers-Kirby: After you've taken your last dose of that know half of it will be out of your system within eight to 10 hours is what I'm pretty sure it is. So that's the other thing is we have to wait till we get all that stuff out of your system to
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So that's going to take probably a day and a half to get all that out your system at least
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Once you stopped doing it you know for everything to be flushed out
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So I would I would really like for you to try it. Like I said, it's solid study
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Same time every day for a good
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Four or five days love to see you go week
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So, if you would, if you could try that. That would be great. Like I said, if you get it today for and you're like, man, I've been puking for the past four days, I've had diarrhea for the past four days. This just ain't working, let me know and we can we can try something else.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Or something else.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Does that sound like a plan.
Brooke Templeton: Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Time mountainous and what I'm
Jill Beavers-Kirby: What pharmacy. Do you use
Brooke Templeton: Um, let me go ask
Okay.
Brooke Templeton: Hi, Joe.
Brooke Templeton: I unfortunately Brooks not being honest with you. She's on heroin to
Brooke Templeton: Okay, that's the note I was giving to her, to tell you the truth.
Brooke Templeton: Okay, well, that's where she is now saying don't even bother because I think she's probably, I don't know. She said she wants to do this, but now all of a sudden
Brooke Templeton: You know, I don't know if she, I don't know why she would didn't want to tell you that she was on that as well. I don't know if that changes things.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It doesn't change things with what we're doing. But, you know, she's got she's got to be vested in it.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Right. Otherwise, it's like, because what's going to happen is the same thing that happened with her last time she's going to take it here and I'm going to take it here and not take it consistently routinely
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And my hope is that
Brooke Templeton: Okay. The problem is, she wants sub you text not Suboxone
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I get it, I know it. Yeah, I know.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I know exactly what she wants. So we're gonna have to what is an insurance on shown access
Brooke Templeton: Know, while
Brooke Templeton: They're just slightly different place signed up for access, but I don't. It's not valid, yet they just signed it up. So, I mean, it's going to take a while.
Brooke Templeton: So that would be valid. So it's all self. It's all self pay. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, so, um, you know, the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: The people like to study texts for a lot of different reasons.
Brooke Templeton: I
Brooke Templeton: I read I read the difference. Yeah.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, because you get a high with subjects. Right.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Because it doesn't have an Arcana. Yeah, right. So that's why I would like for her to just try it and see. I get it. I think she would really just try it and see and come to a meeting and start getting involved. I think she would like it but she's got a she's got to help herself.
Brooke Templeton: Right. Right. And I'm not. Yeah, I'm hoping that she's there, but it sounds like porn might not be there.
Brooke Templeton: But what is the next step in case that she is you are going to give the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm gonna go ahead and send something into the pharmacy. I'm going to send the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Suboxone him because I i one access is it's hard to get a sub sub you text cleared for access, you have to get a prior authorization. And one of the reasons that you would do so many taxes if you were pregnant. We don't want that to be the reason she sends me decks.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Into if you have an absolute and tolerance of the Norwalk zone, but I want that to be documented.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And with actual proof that she's intolerant of the meloxicam
Brooke Templeton: So, okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: And then, you know, access can still say you know once she gets on access to, they can still say, yeah, yeah. We don't want to do that so
Brooke Templeton: Yeah. Well, and I think that's down the road, because I think that the access won't be valid for like like 45 days. So I'm going to be pocket out is going to be out of pocket for me for until that long. So I'm not. Yeah.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Are you familiar with good Rx
Brooke Templeton: Um, yes.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, so when you go to the drugstore have them run it through good Rx type of program or some other prescription drug program. I tell everybody good Rx because it's pretty well accepted but it
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Can save you some money.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You can download the app on your phone or they can just run it through at the drugstore and
Jill Beavers-Kirby: It's going to be through the discount
Brooke Templeton: Okay, so you're saying you're going to call it into the pharmacy.
Brooke Templeton: But I was going to look through good Rx to see which pharmacy. It is the least expensive. So how do I get back to you on which pharmacy to call it into
Jill Beavers-Kirby: You can just contact bright heart and they'll send me a note.
Brooke Templeton: Okay, great. Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I don't think I don't have any patients down in that area just yet. So I can't, I can't really think of who would be the cheapest
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Yeah, Walmart usually pretty cheap. If you got a Walmart.
Brooke Templeton: Okay, and I
Brooke Templeton: Yeah. The other thing that that I'm sure Rick would be okay with me sharing back as a teenager, she had
Brooke Templeton: knee Dislocated three times she had a really severe burn. She had an abscess on her face. I didn't know this at the time that the risks and stuff but like the last time, which at the apps us on the face.
Brooke Templeton: It was when she was 18 like in April and they put her in observation and on a morphine drip for the entire weekend and I feel like, you know, and she was given morphine multiple times as a teenager through these
Brooke Templeton: Injuries and stuff. And I had no idea the effects, but I feel like that last one, where she was on morphine. Looking back, I believe she came out addicted or, you know, seeking that after the fact, because it was only two months, three months later that I kind of lost her
Me.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um, as a nurse week the part of the training that we went through at one point in time, probably in the
Jill Beavers-Kirby: I'm late 90s was pain is the fifth vital sign you know your heart rate breathing temperature
Jill Beavers-Kirby: All that, you know, these are your vitamins. But pain is the fifth vital sign. So our patients can have pain, our patients can have pain so
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Coincidentally enough. That's when Purdue Pharma produced oxycodone oxycontin, and then this big push came out to say pain is evil. You can have you're supposed to have a pain you're paying level supposed to be zero. So, yeah, we used to give morphine oxycodone OxyContin out like candy.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah.
Brooke Templeton: And now look around the error ways
Brooke Templeton: Right, especially I've heard it's just even when you're at that adolescent or teenage years. It's our teenager, it's even that much more addictive. It sounds like at least what I've read
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Is the brain doesn't really stop it's warming and neural pathways until about 21
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So,
Brooke Templeton: Unfortunately, okay.
Brooke Templeton: Yeah, so I just didn't know. I thought I should tell you that just because I think the withdrawal from heroin heroin is longer than fentanyl
Brooke Templeton: Yeah. So okay, so I didn't know if that affects like the four day timeframe that you wanted to check back or anything like that. I give
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Her a seven day supply
Okay.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Um,
Jill Beavers-Kirby: So yeah, just let me know what pharmacy.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, income, I said, Good through bright heart and I'll let you know.
Brooke Templeton: Okay. Do you need anything more from breath. Before I let go for
Jill Beavers-Kirby: No, I don't think so. Okay.
Brooke Templeton: Great, thanks.
Jill Beavers-Kirby: Okay, thank you.
Bye bye.